c:\users\visitordl5\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OrbMixer\OrbMixer\OrbMixer\bin\x86\Debug\OrbMixer.exe
c:\users\visitordl5\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OrbMixer\OrbMixer\OrbMixer\bin\x86\Debug\OrbMixer.pdb
c:\users\visitordl5\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OrbMixer\OrbMixer\OrbMixer\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.dll
c:\users\visitordl5\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OrbMixer\OrbMixer\OrbMixer\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.dll
c:\users\visitordl5\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OrbMixer\OrbMixer\OrbMixer\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.dll
c:\users\visitordl5\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OrbMixer\OrbMixer\OrbMixer\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.dll
c:\users\visitordl5\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OrbMixer\OrbMixer\OrbMixer\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.dll
c:\users\visitordl5\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OrbMixer\OrbMixer\OrbMixer\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.xml
c:\users\visitordl5\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OrbMixer\OrbMixer\OrbMixer\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.xml
c:\users\visitordl5\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OrbMixer\OrbMixer\OrbMixer\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.xml
c:\users\visitordl5\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OrbMixer\OrbMixer\OrbMixer\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.xml
c:\users\visitordl5\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OrbMixer\OrbMixer\OrbMixer\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.xml
c:\users\visitordl5\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OrbMixer\OrbMixer\OrbMixer\obj\x86\Debug\OrbMixer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\visitordl5\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OrbMixer\OrbMixer\OrbMixer\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
c:\users\visitordl5\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OrbMixer\OrbMixer\OrbMixer\obj\x86\Debug\OrbMixer.exe
c:\users\visitordl5\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OrbMixer\OrbMixer\OrbMixer\obj\x86\Debug\OrbMixer.pdb
c:\users\visitordl5\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OrbMixer\OrbMixer\OrbMixer\bin\x86\Debug\Content\BlueOrb.xnb
c:\users\visitordl5\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OrbMixer\OrbMixer\OrbMixer\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GreenOrb.xnb
c:\users\visitordl5\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OrbMixer\OrbMixer\OrbMixer\bin\x86\Debug\Content\PurpleOrb.xnb
c:\users\visitordl5\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OrbMixer\OrbMixer\OrbMixer\bin\x86\Debug\Content\RedOrb.xnb
c:\users\visitordl5\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OrbMixer\OrbMixer\OrbMixer\bin\x86\Debug\Content\YellowOrb.xnb
